README.md, before:

# Interview Scheduler

## About
This project is a front-end project responsible to create/edit/delete appointments for the available interviewers and spots.

## Tech stack

* React
* SASS
* Axios
* Storybook
* Jest
* Cypress

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Screenshots

### Application
 !["Screenshot of the application."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/application.png)

### Creating or editing an appointment
!["Screenshot of the creating or editing form."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/create-edit-appointment.png)

### Confirmation message when deleting an appointment
!["Screenshot of the confirmation message."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/delete-confirmation-message.png)

### Error handling
!["Screenshot of the error message."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/error-handling.png)

Commit message:

update readme.md adding informations about the scheduler-api

README.md, after:

# Interview Scheduler

## About
This project is a front-end project responsible to create/edit/delete appointments for the available interviewers and spots.

## Tech stack

* React
* SASS
* Axios
* Storybook
* Jest
* Cypress

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

The Scheduler project is dependent of the backend scheduler-api in order to work correctly. You can find it here: https://github.com/lighthouse-labs/scheduler-api 

Run this command for both scheduler and scheduler-api
```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Screenshots

### Application
 !["Screenshot of the application."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/application.png)

### Creating or editing an appointment
!["Screenshot of the creating or editing form."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/create-edit-appointment.png)

### Confirmation message when deleting an appointment
!["Screenshot of the confirmation message."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/delete-confirmation-message.png)

### Error handling
!["Screenshot of the error message."](https://github.com/tatianibassani/scheduler/blob/master/docs/error-handling.png)
